# About-CSN-STRONG
Cyber Security Network (STRONG) is a Ethereum blockchain based platform for highest security in this modern crypto space.
The future of payment method is crypto currency and it is the big part of the financial sectors as well as for digitalization. Nowadays most of the people are out of crypto currency even under banking system. In this globe economical sector is most important for human. However maximum people have no trust how banks works, they don’t believe this modernization but day by day people are involving in this system and still they have doubt for secure their asset. Because they are putting their own money to a third party’s system so how much secure they are? For this change in 2009 comes a highly secure system called Bitcoin with blockchain teach but at the beginning many people can’t understand about this new blockchain teach. Nowadays there are so many organization working with the powerful and secure system blockchain teaches for their security reason. Also so many organizations are helping over thousands of projects by the security system under blockchain.

What is Network Security ?
Network Security called any activity schematic to defend the usability and fairness of your network and your data. It include both hardware and software technologies. Efficient network security manages entrance to the network. It objects a variety of threats also stops them from entering of distillation on your network.
Cyber Security Network
With the massive growth of crypto market it is very important to be in a secure platform. Cyber Security is a Network under blockchain teach which will provide maximum security in the digital currency and the crypto market using blockchain tech. Work in processes Cyber Security Network (STRONG) will release own technology only for secure crypto related asset globally. Cyber Security Network (STRONG) has low supply for better price in the crypto market place, with only 1,26,036,63 token. Cyber Security Network (STRONG) will be a beneficial crypto platform for the users. The offer chosen to profit from the market price increase, we want each (STRONG) to price a minimum of $5.00 in the very near future.
Project Use of Funds
Cyber Security Network (STRONG) is a ethereum blockchain based highly secured platform with limited supply only 12,603,663 token. Among these 30% token will be given for seldrop. More 30% token will be for airdrop to building a big community. As we all are know a massive community is necessary for a potential digital currency. Contrariwise, 20% of token provided for development to make the platform more brighter. Another 10% token will be given for promotion and the last 10% token will be locked by team for generate a valuable token with a majestic price.
